Milestone 2 Write-up
	Description: Our product MozartDesk Ultimate is a simple composer 
program that is able to create our own music that is as great as the great 
composer Mozart. In the past, many famous composers such as Mozart use 
only music sheets and feather pens to create various renowned music that we 
listen right now. However, not everyone has the talents of Mozart to create such 
harmonious music with only such simple tools and their brains only. But with the 
current advanced technology, we think it is possible to create a composer 
program that will help people compose their amazing music that seems almost 
impossible to them before. As a result, we decide to create MozartDesk 
Ultimate to help people achieve their dreams of composing music. 
	Our design and idea of MozartDesk Ultimate comes from an old composer 
program called Mario Paint Composer. Various people had used this program 
to actually create the existing music such as Legend of Zelda, Super Mario 
theme, and etc. We are thinking of using this idea to make an even better 
composer program. In the MozartDesk Ultimate, the program will looks similar 
to the design we come up with from the PowerPoint. At the top left, there will be 
both the play mode and edit mode buttons that allows people switch to inputting 
sounds to the music sheet or play the music sheet that contained inputted 
sounds by clicking the respective button. The top center will contain clear button 
that will clear out all inputted sounds on the sheet music by clicking it. The top 
right will contain option button which will open up option window that contains 
save, load, and exit buttons. By clicking, the save button will save the current 
work people have on the music sheet ; the load button will open up a scroll 
down screen that let people choose the music they previously save; and exit 
button simply will close the program. Next, there are list of icons below these 
buttons , which represent different sounds that can be drag to the music sheet 
which is located at the center and play those sounds with different pitch and at 
different time depending on the location of those icons. To the left of it, there is 
occidentals that let people choose whether the sounds should be sharp or flat. 
While to the right of it, there are two page buttons that people move to the next 
page or previous page. At the middle, there will be the music sheet area which 
will contain music that can be played once the play is started. At the bottom left, 
there is a play/pause button that play or stop the music by clinking it. Then at 
the left of it, there  is a stop button that stop the music and return to the 
beginning. While to the right of play/pause button, there is a loop button that 
allows people to loop a certain part of the sounds and play it again when the 
music sheet is played. Finally at the bottom right, there is a tempo meter that 
show the current beat per minute and changing buttons that let us increase or 
decrease the beat per minute by one with a up button and down button by 
clicking them. These are the basic look and controls of the program that we had 
come up with from the prototype design from PowerPoint.
	Prototype: Our 30% prototype for MozartDesk Ultimate contains the basic 
need to at least be able to play composed music from the icons. In our 
prototype, our program contains basic play mode, edit mode, play/pause button, 
icons, music sheet, and tempo changer and meter. 	
        Our rules in the prototype are that the program can switch the mode and 
has an incomplete set of icons will be available to be dragged to the music 
sheet to be played. The music can be played and paused. The tempo changer 
buttons are available to at least be able to change the beat per minute. So the 
mode buttons, play/pause button, tempo changer buttons, an incomplete set of 
icons that represent a sound, and the music sheet where the icons can be 
placed for the sound to be played once the people start playing the music. We 
will be leaving out those more complex programs for right now such as the 
option menu, occidentals, stop button, loop button, and page buttons. More 
icons will be added to create more varieties of sounds later on. For right now, 
we just put piano sounds as the basic sounds to be played for our prototype. 
The music sheet has just one page for right now.
