This is the readme file for MozartDesk Ultimate.
Program designed by Joel Braun, Grant Blake, Chin Chao, and Nick Walker (The Racketeers)
December 5, 2014 

RUNNING MOZARTDESK ULTIMATE

In order to run the program, simply open it in the DrRacket IDE and select run.
Alternately, the program may be run from a terminal or command prompt using
"racket MozartDesk-Ultimate.rkt".

OPENING SCREEN

MozartDesk Ultimate opens with a splash screen and a picture of a desk. Merely click
anywhere on the screen to open the music creation interface. 

COMPOSITION ENVIRONMENT

The top bar of the program features several notes as outlined in green boxes. The 
sound effects are as follows:
P- Piano Sounds
V- Video Game Music Sample 1
H- Hi-hat sample
V- Video Game Music Sample 2
K- Kick drum sample
V- Video Game Music Sample 3

Next is the tempo bar, which is readily adjustable. Clicking the up or down buttons
will increase or decrease the tempo by 3.

The large red "X" button is the reset button. Click this button to reset the canvas
to empty.

The next two buttons select which page is currently being viewed. The player will 
automatically scroll between pages.

The options button opens the options menu. Features available from the options menu
include saving and loading a music file, returning to the composition screen, and 
exiting the program.

The large canvas in the middle of the screen is sixteen notes wide by eight notes tall.
Placing a note on the page will play it when the time arrives on that beat, making it 
similar to a bar of music to read. The canvas follows the C scale.

The area below the canvas can be used to select a beat to start from during playback.
Additionally, a green dot will appear and highlight the bar that is currently being
played when the play button is pressed.

The large play button at the bottom of the screen plays the song.

The Mozart Assistant located in the bottom right of the composition environment assists
you with helpful tips and feature suggestions as you use the program. No interaction
is possible with the Mozart Assistant.



